Add new procedure in Administer Settings (#2153)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_distribution-of-archived-content-view-versions.adoc

[id="Distribution_of_Archived_Content_View_Versions_{context}"]

> = Distribution of Archived Content View Versions

Reviewer: Maybe "Distributing Archived Content View Versions"? in title, anchor, and file name.

> If you have a Content View version that is not associated with any lifecycle environments, you can set the default view of that Content View version to be viewed.

Reviewer 2: This line is a bit confusing. "Distribute archived content view versions" just allows non-promoted ("archived") content view version repositories to be exposed for consumption. It's useful for checking what content is in these content view versions during debugging. The whole feature in fact is mostly to help folks with debugging.

Author: Maybe change the opening to:
`The setting **Distribute archived content view versions** allows the hosting of archived Content View version repositories to be exposed for consumption. 
This is useful while debugging to see what content is present in your Content View versions.`

Reviewer 2: "The setting **Distribute archived content view versions** allows archived Content View version repositories to be exposed for consumption."

or perhaps something like

"The setting **Distribute archived content view versions** enables hosting/exposure of non-promoted Content View version repositories in the Satellite content web application along with other repositories."

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings*.
. Click the *Content* tab.
. Set the *Distribute archived content view versions* parameter to *Yes*.
. Click *Submit*.
+

> This enables the repositories of Content View versions without lifecycle environments to be distributed at `/pulp/content/<organization>/content_views/<content view>/X.Y/…`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables the repositories of Content View versions without lifecycle environments to be distributed at `{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/_My_Organization_/content_views/_My_Content_View_/_My_Content_View_Version_/`.
```

+

> If you set the *Distribute archived content view versions* parameter to *No*, it does not delete the old repositories of Content View versions but does not create new repositories.

Reviewer 2: The published versions don't change, it only changes what is distributed at `/pulp/content/<organization>/content_views/<content view>/X.Y/…`

Note that older "archived" content view versions won't suddenly become distributed once the setting is enabled. Only new ones will.

Author: I can replace the line `If you set the...` with a NOTE that says:
`Older non-promoted Content View versions are not distributed once the setting is enabled.
Only new Content View versions become distributed.`

Reviewer 2: I think that works fine. I think that people debugging should understand the concept of content distribution.
